the second book of The Chronicles now
the second book of The Chronicles now Solomon the son of David was
Solomon the son of David was
Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom and the Lord
strengthened in his kingdom and the Lord
strengthened in his kingdom and the Lord his God was with him
his God was with him
his God was with him and exalted him exceedingly and Solomon
and exalted him exceedingly and Solomon
and exalted him exceedingly and Solomon spoke to all Israel to the captains of
spoke to all Israel to the captains of
spoke to all Israel to the captains of thousands and of hundreds to the judges
thousands and of hundreds to the judges
thousands and of hundreds to the judges and to every leader in all Israel the
and to every leader in all Israel the
and to every leader in all Israel the heads of the father's houses
heads of the father's houses
heads of the father's houses [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then Solomon and all the assembly with
then Solomon and all the assembly with
then Solomon and all the assembly with him went to the high place that was at
him went to the high place that was at
him went to the high place that was at Gibeon for the tabernacle of meeting
Gibeon for the tabernacle of meeting
Gibeon for the tabernacle of meeting with God was there which Moses the
with God was there which Moses the
with God was there which Moses the servant of the Lord had made in the
servant of the Lord had made in the
servant of the Lord had made in the wilderness but David had brought up the
wilderness but David had brought up the
wilderness but David had brought up the Ark of God from kir Jeff Jairam to the
Ark of God from kir Jeff Jairam to the
Ark of God from kir Jeff Jairam to the place David had prepared for it
place David had prepared for it
place David had prepared for it for he had pitched a tent for it at
for he had pitched a tent for it at
for he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem
Jerusalem
Jerusalem [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now the bronze altar that Bezalel the
now the bronze altar that Bezalel the
now the bronze altar that Bezalel the son of Uriah the son of hur had made he
son of Uriah the son of hur had made he
son of Uriah the son of hur had made he put before the tabernacle of the Lord
Solomon and the Assembly sought him
Solomon and the Assembly sought him there and Solomon went up there to the
there and Solomon went up there to the
there and Solomon went up there to the bronze altar before the Lord which was
bronze altar before the Lord which was
bronze altar before the Lord which was at the tabernacle of meeting and offered
at the tabernacle of meeting and offered
at the tabernacle of meeting and offered a thousand burnt offerings on it on that
a thousand burnt offerings on it on that
a thousand burnt offerings on it on that night God appeared to Solomon and said
night God appeared to Solomon and said
night God appeared to Solomon and said to him ours what shall I give you
to him ours what shall I give you
to him ours what shall I give you you have shown great mercy to David my
you have shown great mercy to David my
you have shown great mercy to David my father and have made me king in his
father and have made me king in his
father and have made me king in his place now
place now
place now Oh Lord God that you're promised to
Oh Lord God that you're promised to
Oh Lord God that you're promised to David my father be established for you
David my father be established for you
David my father be established for you have made me king over a people like the
have made me king over a people like the
have made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude now give
dust of the earth in multitude now give
dust of the earth in multitude now give me wisdom and knowledge that I may go
me wisdom and knowledge that I may go
me wisdom and knowledge that I may go out and come in before these people for
out and come in before these people for
out and come in before these people for who can judge this great people of yours
who can judge this great people of yours
because this was in your heart and you
because this was in your heart and you have not asked riches or wealth or honor
have not asked riches or wealth or honor
have not asked riches or wealth or honor or the life of your enemies nor have you
or the life of your enemies nor have you
or the life of your enemies nor have you asked long life but have asked wisdom
asked long life but have asked wisdom
asked long life but have asked wisdom and knowledge for yourself that you may
and knowledge for yourself that you may
and knowledge for yourself that you may judge my people over who might have made
judge my people over who might have made
judge my people over who might have made you King wisdom and knowledge are
you King wisdom and knowledge are
you King wisdom and knowledge are granted to you and I will give you
granted to you and I will give you
granted to you and I will give you riches and wealth and one such as none
riches and wealth and one such as none
riches and wealth and one such as none of the Kings have had who were before
of the Kings have had who were before
of the Kings have had who were before you nor shall any after you have the
you nor shall any after you have the
you nor shall any after you have the link so Solomon came to Jerusalem from
link so Solomon came to Jerusalem from
link so Solomon came to Jerusalem from the high place the pizzette Gibeon from
the high place the pizzette Gibeon from
the high place the pizzette Gibeon from before the tabernacle of meeting and
before the tabernacle of meeting and
before the tabernacle of meeting and reigned over Israel and Solomon gathered
reigned over Israel and Solomon gathered
reigned over Israel and Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen he had 1,400
chariots and horsemen he had 1,400
chariots and horsemen he had 1,400 chariots and twelve thousand horsemen
chariots and twelve thousand horsemen
chariots and twelve thousand horsemen whom he stationed in the chariot cities
whom he stationed in the chariot cities
whom he stationed in the chariot cities and with the king in Jerusalem also the
and with the king in Jerusalem also the
and with the king in Jerusalem also the king made silver and gold as common in
king made silver and gold as common in
king made silver and gold as common in Jerusalem as stones and he made Cedars
Jerusalem as stones and he made Cedars
Jerusalem as stones and he made Cedars as abundant as the Sycamores which are
as abundant as the Sycamores which are
as abundant as the Sycamores which are in the lowland and Solomon had horses
in the lowland and Solomon had horses
in the lowland and Solomon had horses imported from Egypt and kiva the Kings
imported from Egypt and kiva the Kings
imported from Egypt and kiva the Kings merchants bought them in Kiva at the
merchants bought them in Kiva at the
merchants bought them in Kiva at the current price they also acquired and
current price they also acquired and
current price they also acquired and imported from Egypt a chariot for six
imported from Egypt a chariot for six
imported from Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver and a horse
hundred shekels of silver and a horse
hundred shekels of silver and a horse for 150 thus through their agents they
for 150 thus through their agents they
for 150 thus through their agents they exported them to all the kings of the
exported them to all the kings of the
exported them to all the kings of the Hittites and the kings of Syria
Hittites and the kings of Syria
Hittites and the kings of Syria [Music]